2.2.1. The size of this relationship is indicated by the linear equation. For this model, for every one increase in the mother's age, the amouint of denovo mutations increases by 0.38 which is relatively small compared to the scale of denovo mutations which runs from roughly 2-30 or so. I did not expect the relationship between maternal age and maternal denovo mutations to actually be significant, but it makes sense that this relationship is relatively small. In the scatter plot, the points seemed much more random and I couldn't easily see a relationship. 
2.2.2. This relationship is statistically significant because the p-value for both the coefficient and the slope is greater than 0.05 which is usual limit for signifigance. The p-value for the intercept is 0.011 while the p-value for the slope is 6.88 * 10^-24. I am looking at the P>|t| column for my values. 
2.3.1. The size of this relationship is indicated by the linear equation. For this model, for every one increase in the father's age, the amouint of denovo mutations increases by 1.35 which is much larger than the maternal relationship. I did expect this relationship to exist because there was an easily visible trend in the scatter plot adn so it makes sense that the paternal relationship is much larger than the maternal one. 
2.3.2. This relationship is statistically significant because the p-value for both the coefficient and the slope is greater than 0.05 which is usual limit for signifigance. The p-value for the intercept is 3.08 * 10^-9 while the p-value for the slope is 1.55 * 10^-84. I am looking at the P>|t| column for my values. 
2.4. The equation describing number of paternal denovo mutations is: p_dnms = 10.33 + 1.35(father's age). Using the provided age, we can calculate the number of denovo mutations: p_dnms = 10.33 + 1.35(50.5) = 78.51 denovo mutations.  
2.6. I chose to run a Wilcoxon's signed rank test because the Shapiro-Wilkes test indidcated that the data about the de novo mutations was not normally distributed thus parametric tests (like the paired t-test) are not appropriate to use on this data because these tests make the assumption that the data has a normal distribution. I used a signed rank test because the de novo mutations need to paired since they are in one individual, and thus cannot be treated as completely indepenendent observations. I also ultiamtely decided to use a one sided test because the earlier models indicated that the paternal mutations would be more than the maternal. Therefore, I was testing to see if the number of maternal mutations was significanly less than those of the paternal (order matter for this test!). My p-value was 5.98 * 10^-67 which indicates that there are significantly more paternally inherited de novo mutations in a given proband than maternal de novo mutations.